[expo-facebook] Disable autoinit (#5924)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/facebook.md

import * as Facebook from 'expo-facebook';
```

### `Facebook.initializeAsync(appId: string | undefined, appName: string | undefined): Promise<void>`

Calling this method ensures that the SDK is initialized. You have to call this method before calling `logInWithReadPermissionsAsync` to ensure that Facebook support is initialized properly.

You may or may not provide an optional `appId: string` argument.
- If you don't provide it, Facebook SDK will try to use `appId` from native app resources (which in standalone apps you would define in `app.json`, in Expo client are unavailable and in bare you configure yourself according to Facebook setup documentation for [iOS](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/ios#4--configure-your-project) and [Android](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/android#manifest)). If it fails to find one, the promise will be rejected.
- If you provide an explicit `appId`, it will override any other source.

The same resolution mechanism works for `appName`.

### `Facebook.setAutoInitEnabledAsync(enabled: boolean): Promise<void>`

> Sets whether Facebook SDK should autoinitialize itself. SDK initialization involves eg. fetching app settings from Facebook or a profile of the logged in user. In some cases, you may want to disable or delay the SDK initialization, such as to obtain user consent or fulfill legal obligations. This method corresponds to [this](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-ios#disable-sdk-initialization) and [this](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-android/#disable-sdk-initialization) native SDK methods. Even though calling this method with `enabled == true` initializes the Facebook SDK on iOS, it does not on Android and we recommend always calling `initializeAsync` before performing any actions with effects that should be visible to the user (like `loginWithPermissions`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets whether the Facebook SDK should autoinitialize itself. SDK initialization involves eg. fetching app settings from Facebook or a profile of the logged in user. In some cases, you may want to disable or delay the SDK initialization, such as to obtain user consent or fulfill legal obligations. This corresponds to [this iOS SDK method](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-ios#disable-sdk-initialization) and [this Android SDK method](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-android/#disable-sdk-initialization). Even though calling this method with `enabled == true` initializes the Facebook SDK on iOS, it does not on Android and we recommend always calling `initializeAsync` before performing any actions with effects that should be visible to the user (like `loginWithPermissions`).
```

> In Expo, by default, autoinitialization of the Facebook SDK is disabled. You may change this value in runtime by calling this method or customize this feature in buildtime by setting appropriate `app.json` fields. The setting value is persisted across runs (value set with this method overriddes value from buildtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Expo, autoinitialization of the Facebook SDK is disabled by default. You may change this value at runtime by calling this method, or customize this feature at buildtime by setting the appropriate `app.json` fields. The set value persists across runs, and the value set with this method overriddes the value set in `app.json`.
```

### `Facebook.setAutoLogAppEventsEnabledAsync(enabled: boolean): Promise<void>`

Sets whether Facebook SDK should log app events. App events involve app eg. installs, app launches (more info [here](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-android/#auto-events) and [here](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-ios#auto-events)). In some cases, you may want to disable or delay the collection of automatically logged events, such as to obtain user consent or fulfill legal obligations. This method corresponds to [this](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-ios#disable-auto-events) and [this](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-android/#disable-auto-events) native SDK methods.

> In Expo, by default, automatic logging app events is disabled. You may change this value in runtime by calling this method or customize this feature in buildtime by setting appropriate `app.json` fields. The setting value is persisted across runs (value set with this method overriddes value from buildtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Expo, automatic logging of app events is disabled by default. You may change this at runtime by calling this method, or customize this feature at buildtime by setting the appropriate `app.json` fields. The set value persists across runs, and the value set with this method overriddes the value set in `app.json`.
```

### `Facebook.setAdvertiserIDCollectionEnabledAsync(enabled: boolean): Promise<void>`

> Sets whether Facebook SDK should collect and attach `advertiser-id` to sent events. `advertiser-id` let you identify and target specific customers. To learn more visit [Facebook documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-ads/targeting/mobile-advertiser-ids) describing that topic. In some cases, you may want to disable or delay the collection of `advertiser-id`, such as to obtain user consent or fulfill legal obligations. This method corresponds to [this](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-ios#disable-advertiser-id) and [this](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-android/#disable-advertiser-id) native SDK methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets whether the Facebook SDK should collect and attach `advertiser-id` to sent events. `advertiser-id` lets you identify and target specific customers. To learn more visit [Facebook's documentation](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-ads/targeting/mobile-advertiser-ids) describing this topic. In some cases, you may want to disable or delay the collection of `advertiser-id`, such as to obtain user consent or fulfill legal obligations. This method corresponds to [this iOS SDK method](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-ios#disable-advertiser-id) and [this Android SDK method](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/app-events/getting-started-app-events-android/#disable-advertiser-id).
```

> In Expo, by default, collecting those IDs is disabled. You may change this value in runtime by calling this method or customize this feature in buildtime by setting appropriate `app.json` fields. The setting value is persisted across runs (value set with this method overriddes value from buildtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Expo, collecting those IDs is disabled by default. You may change this at runtime by calling this method, or customize this feature at buildtime by setting the appropriate `app.json` fields. The set value persists across runs, and the value set with this method overriddes the value set in `app.json`.
```
